---
author: linpx
date: '2004-12-15 02:56:46'
layout: post
slug: trip-to-pusan
status: publish
comments: true
title: trip to Pusan
wordpress_id: '418'
---

The Chinese juniors of TLBU graduate students left at 7 am, Dec 13th on a two-
day visit for Pusan, while at the mean time, their non-Chinese peers flew to
China for field study.


They paid a visit to CJ Corporation, a top Korea food manufacturer, as their
first stop in Pusan city, at 2 pm the same day. Introduced by an English
speaking Korea staff, all students were amazed by its computerized controlling
management and non-worker system. Finishing that, they moved to Pukyong
National University, where those juniors had a warm talk with Professor____,
and his students on their interested issues, the hospitality friends
voluntarily guided our graduates in visiting Pusan city. Later, a gorgeous and
affluent seafood dinner was served by professor___. All students acted as
those old friends who seems didn’t meat each other for a long time.

The second day of the trip, students left Pusan city for 光州, they were going
to visit POSCO steel company, a world class renowned corporation. On the way
there, a ten-minute time was allocated for on overview of ___ palace,
where_______________

They reached at POSCO. Corp at 1130 am. Having taken lunch there, students
were lead to the No.2 steel mill of POSCO, which has a productivity of 4.6
million tons steal yearly, comprising 1/7 of POSCO yearly outcome. In the
workshop, they watched the whole steel automatic making process. An
8-centimeter thick, 8 meter long steal brick is stretched into as long as 1.5
kilometer long steel wrap. Incredible is the most used word by the graduates
when leaving that workshop. Resources are limited; the creativity is
unlimited, a slogan carving on the gate of POSCO Company, inspired the
students not only the technology innovation, environmental saving concept,
moreover, the way POSCOers contributed to a whole world.


Late at night, graduates returned to their beloved TLBU campus, safely.

