---
author: linpx
date: '2005-12-01 02:39:24'
layout: post
slug: some-memory-in-paris-i-a-jorney-west
status: publish
comments: true
title: some memory in Paris I---a jorney west
wordpress_id: '295'
---

It was already 26 hrs since we left Seoul last time. A journey of virgin, I
suppose this trip would be. And certainly it was. The first stop is Hong Kong.
My dream place, which I have thought about visiting couple times. Time is
limited, even me I don't have enough time to set up my wireless network in the
airport.

  

My Hong Kong Stop

It is only the modernized constructions and the Cantonese-English mixing
speaking environment make me realize this is the 3rd last land China reclaimed
from its colonies, and which still keeps its own distances from the owner.
Everything was not quite strange to me, for I know this is typical airport,
only with a knowledge that this airport seems to be rated as the most human
friendly airport over the earth, apart from this, I know nothing about here as
I do to Hong Kong, not to mention the newly open Disneyland. What amazed,
which I should not used is the Internet from wireless network is free. I
regretted my short staying there, for I got chance to stay so close with the
eastern pearl but with a not-enough time. Packing all my stuff along with
unbagged slippers is the things I finished in 15 seconds for I was informed to
get on board.

My first touch and leaving off the Hong Kong.

  

Flight,CX 261.

  

I hate to admit I am a person of missy, but indeed I am. You will know by
telling from the diaries I made.

1, I enjoyed a business class with an economic ticket. It was a little things
you can embrace only with some braveness and losing face. I sat on the first
row of my cartage. For I know I can't stuck on this small room for 12 hrs.
come on, that disastrous memory I took in my first bachlor year backing home
reminded me again. Cool, and I did it, took a seat which by then not been
taken yet. With no luck, I had to surrender it later when the seat holder came
to me. Damn it, I told myself in my heart. Then I moved to another seat in the
first row.

2, time-killing. First, I made a question to a fly attendant, who I thought
was beautiful and mature about the electric plug. Her positive answer
surprised me for I didn't really expect to hear a yes. Not until I found the
plug needed a transfer did it make me sad. Damn it, again. She told me I could
buy a tax-free transfer plug. I made my own move, good, why not, then I could
play with my computer all the time from then on with a psychiatric price of 10
dollar. I knew I was gonna say damn it again, for it was priced 116 dollar.

Please, lend me one.

Ok, I will ask someone if he agreed. This attendant from Cathay Airline indeed
did not fail me.

We charge you 5 dollars an hour.

Damn it, tell me that was a joke. I was almost come out with this sentence
were he not someone strange to me. And he is making a joke and I felt shamed
for not catching that.

3, she is nice. For whatever reason I don't want to believe, say, that is her
job, she was trained to do this. Rather I would like to believe that was just
because of me. Like the good old days when I was in ECUPL, I chose to believe
all the girls' apple in their eyes is me, ridiculous but felt good.

She is beautiful.

She is mature enough,*******************(del 6 words here), I suppose.

I did not thank her directly for I got no chance. I will pray for her. May god
bless her and beautify her more.

  

Paris

  

tiredness is not the first thing we felt after a 12 hr long journey in a plane
full of non-stopping and quite disturbing noise. It was all just because it
was Paris. Don't mention the Taxi are from Mercedes Benz or Volkswagen. I am a
self-lover that could even love me more by receiving a smile from the custom
lady.

Eiffle tower and other places as planned to visit did not really recall my
attention too much, rather it was those distinguish and unique style of France
streets and well-dress French or foreigners raise my appetite to know this
country more. I will write more about this later.

Our institute locates in a place near Paris, not quite much known to visitors
but worthy traveling. I guess that is something we should proud of, isn't it?

  

Get tired now, I am gonna to get rid off my jet leg.

