---
author: linpx
date: '2005-02-17 11:50:11'
layout: post
slug: korea-jesuit-archbishop-lee-youngdae
status: publish
comments: true
title: Korea Jesuit Archbishop Lee Youngdae
wordpress_id: '374'
---

You made a good speech, said President.

Isn’t this the word I have been waiting for so long a time? It is, sir, it is.

Suddenly my thought was brought back to what happened this morning. An
archbishop of Korea Jesuit community paid a visit to our school, who our
President believe would be a great help to our project of American by
introducing the human relation with the board of Georgetown University Fund.
Obviously, he is the right apple in the eyes of President. Also it is an honor
for me to address a short speech to him.

“First, on behalf of all the students here, I would like to welcome you to our
school, to our university. Before we proceed, students will introduce
themselves to you.”

…

“I suppose you already hear a lot about the basic introductory of TLBU from
our President. In case of overlapping, I will tell you something more about
our school from a perspective of a graduate student here. As you can see, our
school is a very unique and special. The first day we came here, our President
told us that you should always remember that you are not only a student who
will graduate from a law school here, something you should bear in your mind
is that you are and you will be the leaders in the future. Let me give you an
example. The first prerequisite to a future leader is the skill of
communicating with other persons around the world. Do you believe that you can
talk to them quite well without knowing their culture and religious background
as well. The answer is no, and that is why we have a PVC class, personal
virtue and character, which aims to teach us something other than law, say,
the western history, the culture background and the history of religions as
well, like the catholic, Christianity, Islam and etc. second, we have plenty
of opportunities to expose ourselves in the field study. I have been here for
only 4 months, but we already paid a visit to some large corporation here in
Korea, like Samsung, LG, and Pusan. By visiting different places, we broaden
our visions and we know there are still something as beautiful as laws. And
soon, at the end of this year, we are going to field study in France, Belgium
and other countries, to be familiar with the cities there, and international
organizations too. We believe we will learn something more. Last but not the
least, I just want to tell you that how enormous our President love for us.
Every time we have student birthday here, he never missed once. He is to us,
is no less than a father to his children. ”

“If there are still universities like our school, I am sure the number won’t
be many.”

