---
author: linpx
date: '2005-12-06 11:01:33'
layout: post
slug: on-iraq
status: publish
comments: true
title: on Iraq
wordpress_id: '288'
---

I always am a person of gratitude that I was born in a country without Fire,
yet not an indifferent person. Sometimes I came cross some headlines saying
another human-body bomb in Iraq, or the death- toll of dead American now
raises to a record-high, the sadness would get out from the deep memory. Let
us leave all those politics and games alone, just focus on the unrecoverable
events. Don't know if those in west wings get the idea, but I want to strike
it again, like the brave mother does in Bush's texas ranch, do u have any idea
about the ones dying for your own political interests. In a time of so-called
terrorism, misunderstanding is the last thing you ever need. Don't you forget
all man are created equally, and they have the right to be left alone, don't
you dare forget the lines in your national library, or your own history, if I
am allowed to call that history, was also built in the name of freedom or
liberty. Yes, you are right, you come to save them as God wants you, one and
only one excuse you might use; or as any President of American would have
done, no, you father did not, Mr Clinton did not. You are the deadliest
terrorist on Earth, Mr. Bush.

Eh, Why not take a look at the pic. With the scarf, he is unidentified and an
assasin, without it, he has to carry his own family, maybe there is a girl
waiting to see him next morining, who might not make it.

I believe in equality, an equality beyond boundray, let alone the position,
salary, anything. Also, human being just is an object in Nature, Universe.
Either shining as star or living as a bug, you choose.

I am not biased, for that after a long time, you are nothing but a rotting
body in the earth.

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com/y1p3GWhxeMFjB4pDeQf_aqGNfLAWVBjLYY8k-
ZGqlXUkABzDZDrFTXR864_NrPHE-fo5g1PnmMFuUY)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1p3GWhxeMFjB4pDeQf_aqGNfLAWVBjLYY8zxGwMDOwI6COuB-
gzoyaK6VUXTaCbo3WVng4RP2srzs)

