---
author: linpx
date: '2006-03-19 04:45:19'
layout: post
slug: the-beauty-of-the-last-kilometer
status: publish
comments: true
title: the beauty of the last kilometer
wordpress_id: '180'
categories:
- life
---

@page {size:21cm 29.7cm;margin:2cm;} P {margin-bottom:0.21cm;}

  

Some asked me about why I keep jogging all the time. It isn't funny at all,
that you have to endure all the boring site views and risk your life in high
times. I see the other way. Professor Choe said people are greedy and greedy
is good. I can feel it when I am doing my jogging. I see no reason to deny I
am a person not satisfied just with what I can do now, I want to see bigger
picture and I want to experience higher competition. This also applies to the
way I jog. When I can run up to 12 mins, I felt so tired and exhausted, but
thanks to god, I still can finish it. Then why not try 24 mins. After that,
why not 36 mins, and till now 50 mins in 1 year. The good thing about this
that I can feel instantly is my heartbeat rate lower to 60 per min
sometimes(just sometimes). I am approaching my one of my many dreams, finish a
marathon in one's life time, which I haven't got any gut to think about that a
year ago, yet it is coming into reality after I sighed up into one of biggest
marathon in Seoul next month, only half course. However, it is this little
step that restores or more accurately, build up my own confidence. I wouldn't
deny anything about this, yes, I will run marathon and till the last minute in
the world that I can tell myself, that I have archived something most people
on earth can't ever think about.

  

But this is not the overwhelming reason for jogging. I prefer call the most
important one, the beauty of last kilometer. I do feel exhausted all the time,
but in no case had I ever stopped on the way just because of that, because I
kept telling myself, u stop, u stop forever, there is no alternative for not
keeping on. The joyful moment, the prize of this always comes in the last
kilometer. When you know you can and will finish this in less than 4 minutes,
you will start to feel the beauty of last kilometer.

  

That is exactly came to me this morning. 15 kilometers in 52 mins, not bad.
Last moment I saw the sun's rising, shining on my body for I wasn't feeling
chilly anymore, the road become golden not the usual dusty and dull, the wind
blows whistling around your ears, as if you got a sixth sense only can by
touched at that moment.

  

I will strive on even in risk of my legs......

