---
author: linpx
date: '2006-01-06 01:26:05'
layout: post
slug: perhaps-love
status: publish
comments: true
title: Perhaps Love
wordpress_id: '246'
categories:
- movie
---

It should be most dulling movie I ever seen before moving into a theater and
taking a look at it by accident when my desiring one is Narnia, or even after
watched the first stage when a stupid Korean guy jumped out of a 70s' bus and
began to dance and sing that moment forced a shit coming out of my mouth,
another night was ruined. And it turned out to prove me wrong again by my
ending at tears.

The story was simple from a literature way, the story of past, presence and in
the movie. A girl fooled around in Beijing the end of 80s, a time western
culture holding a conflict controversial dispute with Confusion in China. She
tried all her means to make herself famous including her body till she made it
during which she, incredibly, fell in love with a Hong Kong student who was
learning movie art then, truly and faithfully. Two faces of young girl made
her lost and disdain herself that resulted in leaving him, which was
unquestionable and foreseeable. However, where one's imagination goes, where
the movie could end. The two Chinese met at last, famous but with indifferent
faces to everything including themselves or far and soon between.

And I always treated art is a way by translating simplicity into complex ones,
the more un-understandable, the more successful it could be or we might say,
it could be regarded. Same rule applies here. The director is a good one,
especially has a right for final cut. I was living in wonderland without
knowing where I was at the begging of the 30 mins. What the hell is he trying
to talk about by inserting the past, presence one by another, as if you were
swimming in tropical area at one time, the next you would have been exposed in
the Antarctica watching those polar bears, naked. Damn it!

But I wouldn't regard it fail. It is good one, two thumbs up. And you were
shown it in Korea that a good sign to know the movie industry in China is
reviving, given the fact another Chinese one also became a blockbuster here.

The story could never happen on us, we regular people, but deserve us to fade
the feeling inside. Perhaps Love, one you should, perhaps sip.

  
  
![Image hosted by Photobucket.com](http://i30.photobucket.com/albums/c330/penn
yg/micellaneous/perhapslove.jpg)

