---
author: linpx
date: '2006-01-24 00:45:09'
layout: post
slug: syriana
status: publish
comments: true
title: SYRIANA
wordpress_id: '237'
categories:
- movie
---

Sitting put, with a cold and beard face, he made some noise out of his mouth.
If anything happens to me or my family, an accident, an accusation, anything,
then first your son will disappear, his body will never be found. Then your
wife. Her body will never be found either. This is guaranteed. Then, whatever
is the most dangerous thing you do in your life, it might be flying in a small
plane, it might be walking to the bank, you will be killed. Do you understand
what I'm saying? I want you to acknowledge that you do understand so that
we're clear and there won't be any mistakes. In a cruel, cold yet confidence
voice, those lines mirrors an attitude from a CIA agent who has been working
for his country for decades, yet found out been betrayed by the same employer.
Wrath and anger would not be enough to describe what he could feel, however,
still what he would do later prove him as a patriot and man of love, peace and
equality.

Yes, those are lines from Syriana, one of triology political movies( I rated
accordingly, includes “the Manchuria's Candidate””The Fahrenheit 911”), has
push this movie into a words-killing episode. We might be sick of typical
Hollywood things, full of explosion, heroism, one-man-save-the-world things or
Tom Cruise. Yet for this kind, I am sure, by unveiling the mysterious agency,
we will be exposed to a person more than real, a person of vengeance set in an
era, the oil price skyrocketing high. What else can one man ask for more?
Define real and cool before u say there might be one more than those. Harry
Potter, Narnia are fairy tales, this is novel damn suitable for adults.

Remember this movie, one deserve your second time tasting to enjoy more.

Incredible!

Amazing!

Non-matchable!

Aooooooooooooooooooooo.......

don't be cozy up by me, make our own decisions! thers is a small trick
embedded, see if you can find this one!

  

![Image hosting by Photobucket](http://i30.photobucket.com/albums/c330/pennyg/
micellaneous/342rv3.jpg)

  
  
![](http://i30.photobucket.com/albums/c330/pennyg/micellaneous/2705.jpg)

  
![Image hosting by Photobucket](http://i30.photobucket.com/albums/c330/pennyg/
micellaneous/SC29824a.jpg)

