---
title: 'The Guy Escaped'
date: 2012-03-23 17:06:10
author: linpx
categories: life korea job
comments: true
layout: post
markup: markdown
published: true
---
There are always some events when I feel like to write something, and
today’s event is no exception.

People come and people go. The guy who came here merely 6 months before me
in this department just left the company for a top-tier MBA school in U.S.
I have been in here for 14 months, so it is about the same time our
friendship began. For me, I would say he is nice, has very high level of
English comprehensiveness except the writing if I am allowed to venture. He
goes to his regular MBA friends parties on regular Fridays; master of
Excel, most important of all this guys knows what he wants, and he commits
himself to have this realized. He would go to bed every day in 3am for exam
preparation, which I really admired about.

Yet he left. It is the 3rd person left this 4th floor in 3 months. They are
leaving not because of this so called high competitiveness but from this
oppressive atmosphere where outsider would define it as typical Korean
working environment, it is not, actually, in my perspective.

We are close friends, apart from others, for we share a common adversary
feeling towards one of bosses. Well, I won’t put too many words on him; I
was shocked to find the existence of such being. He is perfectly
schizophrenia in science terms, only forgot taking his medicine regularly.
Ever since I was here, I was kept being blamed by him for not doing
anything but only some supportive work and language studying, on and on… on
and on. And I have to thank my very poor Korean that I wasn’t really
affected by his words, which according to my colleague were rather ugly. I
found my perfect K.O moment on him when boss spoke for around half an hour,
I pretended not being able to understand what he was talking about, and
asked him to speak slowly and do it again. I am quite sure, guy went crazy,
his eyeball squeezed by his own muscles, and I found it amusing. I am not
the guy who worked for this boss, my friend did. I wonder how strong one
has to be surviving in this. I don’t have such confidence.

I guess 80% time we hang out together, we keep joking about this. Because I
know that is the exact reason my friend applying for MBA. It is simple, to
escape from here. He made it. I should congratulate to him. I did. and I
think we’ll meet, this side or another. <!--more-->

![]( http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7269/7007953727_ae10dc8b73.jpg)