---
title: 'day 3 in New York'
date: 2013-02-11 09:26:27
author: linpx
categories: life travel
comments: true
layout: post
markup: markdown
published: true
title: 纽约流水账第三日
---
I wasn't into art and will never be. Art to me is what books to illiterates
or the existence of god to atheists. However, in my opinion, I should at
least pretend I am fond of art when traveling in New York. I am not clear
about this but New York is the birth place of the modern and contemporary
art of America during the high time beginning from early 1900s, a time when
local artists were trying to get rid of their ties with the counterparts in
Europe.

The Freak Collection is what I thought I was hearing from my friends.
Trying not to show my innocence on art, I noded my head and said why not,
let us go there. Until we reached there did I find out the genuine name of
that museum, the Frick Collection. As the name has showed, all the art
things inside are collection from a person Mr. Frick, if I were not wrong.
Quite a collection there. I can only value those paintings by conceiving
the exhibiting place, after all somewhere right next to Central Park is not
every one could afford of. Besides, I spot some famous ones there which I
remember were also in my art lessons in elementary or middle school. I
don't appreciate them, and just pretend I do.

The reason to visiting second museum is as simple as it is located not far
away from the Frick Collections,  the Whitney Museum of American Art. The
18 dollar admission fee is waived since my friend pulled out an ICOM
certificate,something issued to people working in art industry or museums,
I take this as a mutual benefit program. Lucky me, I paid only 1 dollar for
the first one for the "pay as you wish program" on every Sunday. As my
friend puts it, the modern art requires no acknowledgement and if you like
it, you like it. That is true. I felt that all those things were made in a
way that the artists were trying to show their own distinct perspective of
perceiving the world sometimes by too much efforts, leaving a frippery
impression. The themes today covers blues and sinister pop. I have to admit
it wasn't a pleasant journey. The constrain or oppressive feelings are what
the articles convey. Well in this way, the artists were actually great at
delivering their messages.

Written on my way to Flushing. Oh I almost forgot that I attended a MASS in
the St. Paul the Apostle Church. My last time doing the Catholic Church
MASS was way back to 3 or 4 years ago.

Great day today.