---
author: linpx
date: '2005-11-16 02:58:56'
layout: post
slug: story-began-in-france
status: publish
comments: true
title: story began in France
wordpress_id: '305'
---

Here the story begins Being there in the middle of Autumn, we found the
concern of the weather could be one of the reasons why we went earlier than
the last year’s schedule. In other words, our schedule fits us, it wasn't
neither too hot nor extreme cold. To our surprise, we didn't use umbrella or
thick jacket a lot during 3 weeks as we were told of unpredictable climate by
our seniors. However, what we haven't foreseen is have to walk all the time,
started and ended in our institute in Chantily-Gouvieux, from 7 am to 7 pm
sometimes, the only time-break was enjoyed during our lunch time in University
Restaurant everyday. I would be really exaggerate or hypocrite to say we did
enjoy everyday. sometimes the cases would be that we started in the early
morning when it was still dark, come back at 5 or 6, prepared food for the
rest of students and most of all, washed all the dishes till 11 o'clock due to
unexperienced skill. As time flied, those small and tedious things become part
of our lives and we did cherish them. We had problems dealing with everything,
by solving them with Myungkun and other doctor students, we also became closer
friends. Besides, isn't dealing and solving the problem one of the virtues and
characters future leader should bear? We, 30 students along with Doctor
students and staff Mr. Kim, were divided into 4 groups, where all non-
graduate students were assigned to group 4. for the first 3 groups, we were
responsible for cooking and cleaning turn by turn, 3 days around. Also, a
voting system was introduced to increase the competition aiming at a higher
quality of service, it worked as quoted from some economic
textbook,”competitions are good, competitions observe the rules in market”. By
doing so, all the dinner seemed to be more diversified as coming to the end of
the field study under the guide of all the chefs and cooks in 3 groups, an
indication of fiercer competition among one another, although with a shortage
of food supplied when we were informed of the avian flu sporadically found in
European Continent, which cut the chicken off the list, and a not-too-much
budget over dinner. We were proud of this, for one thing, we could have more,
second, more cooperation among us with an understanding for each other, thus
resulted in strengthening the friendship, as I mentioned in acknowledgment.

