---
author: linpx
date: '2005-11-22 02:00:52'
layout: post
slug: chaos-theory
status: publish
comments: true
title: chaos theory
wordpress_id: '300'
---

I start to worry about my family, of none but their health, after my reading
over an article “Life Changes lead to reduce your chances of heart attack and
stroke”. I don't know whether they have already realized or not, that their
own choices would somehow, decisively set their own way in future. The same as
Chaos Theory, just a little step makes a gap in ten years, or 20. so why not
we just give up the smoking or have a moderate drinking rather than in an
unacceptable way to spoil your own chips. Otherwise, me, your son have to have
taken a consideration of 29% chance in heart attacking and smoking in next
decade since you are already in your own fifties. And I would definitely not
go to take it as a lottery for no such things in the world boasts for 29%
hitting prizes, the same way implying a 29 out of 100 person of the same
physical conditions would suffer while the other 79 would not in just 10
years, which would be exponential increasing at your 70s. Why not I bet one
million dollars on my ass for that would of course happen in future time, say
20 if not 10, lest you don't wrap yourself off those habits and keep them away
from your touch. My suggestion is either you take off, or you suffer.

Pay more attention to your own cholesterol level and blood pressure by a
regular system of seeing doctors, getting rid off smoking, your daily dietary
intaking, and physical practicing as well, which according to those scientific
nerds will result in a as low as 3% of outbreaking.

  

Do u remember, my father, we could almost share a quick money if you quit
smoking after mom asked me to persuade u to do that for a prize of the amount
in case u quit and I proposed to spit this prize for compensating your own
sacrifice. U didn't. Single thought change the life, isn't it? Or won't it?
We'll see.

