---
author: linpx
date: '2005-02-19 16:06:42'
layout: post
slug: an-email-to-friend
status: publish
comments: true
title: an email to friend
wordpress_id: '372'
---

Season came, season went. The only thing unchanged is my passion. I have
passion, something that will be held still accompany with my self called
strong mind, that can endure any criticize, always telling myself when there
is will, there is a way. Tell u the truth; I made no progress on my LSAT
performance. I scored no better or even worse than 20 days ago. But, my
passion tells me that I should be happy because I am got challenged now and I
am shown by the light in the tunnel. Strange feeling, I can’t make it
specific, but to believe that is true. (actually, I do make some improvement.
It is ok, no need to talk about that.) Still, again, I have to say thanks to
u. You are always encouraging me even without your presence here. Needless to
say more words, you know what I mean, dude (haha) What I am going to say next
would be something worthy putting into the junk mail box. Up to u check or
not. 1. It is already became part of my regular life to update my daily
journal on the internet. And so is my eagerness, or I should say my hysteria
to find new comments on my blog. So far, the odds is set so high as Chinese
National football team win the world cup for me to find a new comment there.
2. 41,600. It is the amount I spent today. Celebrating my activate credit
card, or just begin to level up my taste to life. Who knows? But one thing is
for sure. I buy something what I want to buy and I also keep my wallet closed
on something not worthy. For other persons, it would be ridiculous to see that
I can spent so much money on clothes yet don’t want to spend one more penny on
my trip back to TLBU. Hey, Jiajia, you will never believe I walk back from
main road with 3 bags on my hands and another big one on my shoulders, plus it
snowed today. 3. Always like to say something about the Lama from Tibet or
Nepal. I know nothing about them. They seem kind of having an tradition. They
spend 3 or 4 month on tiling a beautiful picture by sands, yes, sands with
different colors. Grain by grain. And also they show no hesitation to destroy
their great art once they finish it. Nirvana, that is what I believe how they
called it. Just to show they will not be fettered by the temptation from this
material world. I can’t say I am the same type person with them, but I have
tendency to be one of them. ‘cos sometimes I do the same thing. That is all
for your mail. Hope it will not bother too much of your time. To reply this is
not necessary. 不好意思，一不小心发现英文写作也提高了。

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pXlM2e9mKKvipNxYxX69RXkbY_BFG3E9WgY9aiDohHhIPVwXnTGPA0NA_UQZQrhSbL-
vo0J0NUT0)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pXlM2e9mKKvipNxYxX69RXkbY_BFG3E9WUT2oR7TT5KJIsIFmb8F-
LA4im9Z9b2ylwuyknglffdQ)

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1ppGoAvx8sn7jF8gs01fqlJMRLPZzrHAf4DvTkIKZzHv8Or1c01Sih_H8LaD7TvjQGygP-l3uuJ4
E)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com/y1ppGoAvx8sn7jF8gs01fqlJMRLPZzrHAf44TqWfC2
TuSKlvFsqWoTof4YUE9Z7GIPNWxj3JqA6Up8)

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com/y1pj1FvxHUFgVx5I4jXOr2ZXHbMk8uGkIJLpl5W-
Ucq0qLZDbN-SQuw0hHhb9P0ZKlNQS0tj1d0TME)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pj1FvxHUFgVx5I4jXOr2ZXHbMk8uGkIJL7PgJy2Ini1nOU45cn-
CZ8loUNfxZtGjohWBHEmLQKuE)

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com/y1pGjstfPPg8AvePYteTRVDeCoKJO90AU-
3rl_D4cd7F9QeLrX5sbx0mcikH6NFhwljpmcM0948_pM)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pGjstfPPg8AvePYteTRVDeCoKJO90AU-
3UwkkpdBZi2qJQ0o8Q0M0jd89Fp5gqIJuWmSI0JjyteQ)

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com/y1ptlqig7Wu5ybEjsv4HhchE2m2UHxdqR-
FbRCn3Kj2CMBmgdYI23G9_v4wi-x6vvwxOyIVCV_C4tQ)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1ptlqig7Wu5ybEjsv4HhchE2m2UHxdqR-
FC5Y7-hR5S8ReUvvrJLfACt5XXl2puMNLIwsk1lXU5BE)

[![](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pXJuftlZARFQL3LYI1_sDKlnFQcpw5iUhH_C4RU1s8ed678NWPW9l0wg-
IKm7zLMmC7qyYLVNpb4)](http://byfiles.storage.live.com
/y1pXJuftlZARFQL3LYI1_sDKlnFQcpw5iUhCkbXa-
utCB7gVl6hCQP5pItIQZRe9UFk1dLSclWtO9I)

