---
author: linpx
date: '2005-06-10 23:02:58'
layout: post
slug: the-cruel-survivor-games
status: publish
comments: true
title: the Cruel Survivor Games
wordpress_id: '331'
---

the confidence is a strange things, which could be squeezed into a small one
or pumped larger and larger without any materilization.

things exactly happen this way recently. i took lsat, expecting for a higher
score. with the back of that, i told myself there would be in no way something
stuck on my way ahead. just days later, this unrealistic dream was broken by
some refusal letters from law firms. i did great in this week's presentation,
i did great in contract law class, but neither does them help. now it turns
that i am a small frog in a well looking up into a sky only as large as the
rim of this well. and that is it!

it took me 9 hours to send those self recommendation letter to the law firms
in my wishing list. it is ok, at least i will learn something, that i will and
have to tailor myself to the needs of employers and also keep an eye on time.

following is my internship application: Dear Sir or Madam:

This letter is intended to apply for a summer-internship in your Shanghai
office. Basic information: Name: Lin Pengxuan (林鹏轩) Date of Birth: Nov.11, 82
Gender: male Email: linpengxuan@gmail.com Fluent Languages: Chinese/English
Nationality: P.R.China After year 2004, the time my bachelor degree of
International Economy Law from East China University of Politics & law was
obtained, I enrolled in a 2-year English course of L.L.M in Transnational Law
& Business University (www.tlbu.ac.kr) in Seoul, Korea, with an offer of full
scholarship.

Some Numbers might interest you:

3.69 my 1st semester GPA( Sep,04---Jan, 05), expected to increase for this
ending 2nd one.

627 my TOEFL score in 2001

164 my expected score of LSAT on June 7, 05, the result of which will be sure
by the end of this month 5km the length of my daily jogging course, which
ensures my strength to undertake burdens from work.

What can I do for you? With an experience of interns in various position,
paralegal, assistant to District Judge, even as an Chinese-English
interpreter, and an extensive Graduate-Level legal studying and research,
covering American Contract Law, Cyber Law, WTO, U.S IP Law and International
Trade Business as well, I believe my ability and confidence to furnish and
observe the works during my internship, and will tailor myself to the needs of
employers.

Miscellaneous: 1, I am available for the interviews, if any, at the beginning
of July in Shanghai. 2, I am looking for a 30-45 day long intern. Feel free to
contact me should you have any further questions.

