---
author: linpx
date: '2005-04-07 07:47:29'
layout: post
slug: no-title
status: publish
comments: true
title: no title
wordpress_id: '351'
---

3月复习报告展望。 真正的追求必是极度的苦郁 这样不紧不慢，肯定是考不好的，这我是可以确定的。

想想还有多少时间，你觉得还能玩吗？

写出每天必须完成的任务和每月必须达到的目标。

即小目标和大目标。

在接下去的两周时间内，我将完成那本逻辑题集。 我将标出做错的题目。 这里我练的是速度。
时间估计：那本书有7个部分，我以接近完成两个了。还有五个。一周2个半应该不是太难的事情。

剩下的两周时间内，我将把重点转移到逻辑game上。 把那本书做完，标出错误

每周我要求完成至少一篇阅读。如果你是因为太讨厌重做阅读，而不做阅读的话，我建议你放弃这个想法。你不能因为不想做而不做，lsac又不是你开的。
我有28篇阅读，我才做完7篇，还有21篇，如果每周两篇都可以。所以阅读也是无须担心没有材料。

  
每天我不管你有多忙，多紧张，我要求你至少完成一个game四组题和一个lr section。同时保证能够把这周的economist看完。

现在列出我每天要干的活： 1，看lr书。 2，做lr section和game四组题。 3，每周要完成两篇阅读。 4，周日末再组一份考卷。
5，每天看economist只能限定两个小时。 6，学业估计可能要退居次位了。

本月重在练习速度。但是要建立完善的复习体系，记下你做错的每道题目。综合起来后，每周拿出一个下午攻坚。可喜的是lr已经初见成效，具体表现在如下方面：
猜题准确率提高。 阅读速度提高。 时间控制不错。
整天表现不错。维持在6－8个之间，但是我的目标是4个之内。所以要求是熟悉的题目尽量全对，不熟的题目要抓紧攻坚。

Game的弱点还是在时间和无从下手上，我能作出的唯一建议，还是多看看cracking the lsat

牛人都这样了，你还有其他的理由不做吗。 I studied 2-4 hours most days. I skipped a few days, when
I was feeling burned out or too busy to concentrate. Studying entailed
reviewing my mistakes multiple times after taking a practice LSAT, as well as
reviewing the questions that I answered correctly. Studying also included
practicing numerous games questions and some logic questions.

  
I had time to check my answers at the end of each section, so marking up the
test would quickly pinpoint those questions needing review. My icon system of
question marks/exclamation marks/boxes also let me to determine the order of
importance during that double-checking review time. Best of all, marking up
the practice test allowed me to study troublesome material again once I knew
the correct answer.

The truth is that the game isn't impossible. No game is “impossible”. I simply
needed to take a deep breath and realize, rationally, that I must have
misunderstood something. Rules can't be contradictory and only one answer is
correct. Thus, I must have assumed too much or misinterpreted something
somewhere. I would carefully reread the prompt and the question. I would then
analyze each component that made up the statement. Invariably, I found that I
was skipping over a dependent clause or misreading a "can" as a "cannot". It's
usually something very minor, but important.

  
I wanted to know what made the passage was difficult. Was it terminology? Was
I allowing myself to be intimidated by the material? Was it a matter of not
enough focus during the test? After dissecting the passage a half-dozen times
(aloud, silently, to a friend, whatever), I would feel as though I had
"conquered" it, so to speak...it helped my confidence level immensely.

  
My big breakthrough was admitting that I had to stop reading the logic
questions with my own agenda--I needed to focus on what patterns the *test-
makers* saw and what conclusions the *test-makers* wanted. After I
acknowledged that it was about jumping through the hoops rather than defending
my personal opinions, it became almost fun. I liked "switching" my brain from
regular thinking to LSAT-test-taker thinking.

For me, doing a few tests was enough to have intuition about what each RC
passage’s questions would be

  
didn’t indicate that I was regressing --a low score just meant I had to be
more careful with each question.

